README.md, before:

﻿
# Lecture Note : LLM Master Class


> Contents are based of korean and english.
> 
> All codes are reference by this link : https://fastcampus.co.kr/data_online_llmmaster

---

# Contents 

---
# Part 3

## Basic of python programming for API

### 1. [Programming_API_guide](https://github.com/whitekun91/LLM_Master_Class/blob/main/Part3/Programming_API_guide.ipynb)
### 2. [Examples of ChatGPT](https://github.com/whitekun91/LLM_Master_Class/blob/main/Part3/ChatGPT_playground.ipynb)
### 3. [Examples of Langchain](https://github.com/whitekun91/LLM_Master_Class/blob/main/Part3/Langchain_playground.ipynb)
### 4. [Examples of DuckDuckgo](https://github.com/whitekun91/LLM_Master_Class/blob/main/Part3/DuckDuckGo_examples.ipynb)
### 5. [Examples of Function Calling](https://github.com/whitekun91/LLM_Master_Class/blob/main/Part3/Fuction_calling_examples.ipynb)

---

# Part 4

## Developing LLM Services examples

### 1. [Examples of Embedding](https://github.com/whitekun91/LLM_Master_Class/blob/main/Part4/Embedding_samples.ipynb)
### 2. [Examples of VectorDB & Vector Indexing - LlamaIndex](https://github.com/whitekun91/LLM_Master_Class/blob/main/Part4/LlamaIndex_examples.ipynb)
### 3. [Exampels of Post processing - Moderate](https://github.com/whitekun91/LLM_Master_Class/blob/main/Part4/Postprocessing_examples.ipynb)
### 4.
### 5.

Commit message:

Update : Add hyperlink of groundedness example code

README.md, after:

﻿
# Lecture Note : LLM Master Class


> Contents are based of korean and english.
> 
> All codes are reference by this link : https://fastcampus.co.kr/data_online_llmmaster

---

# Contents 

---
# Part 3

## Basic of python programming for API

### 1. [Programming_API_guide](https://github.com/whitekun91/LLM_Master_Class/blob/main/Part3/Programming_API_guide.ipynb)
### 2. [Examples of ChatGPT](https://github.com/whitekun91/LLM_Master_Class/blob/main/Part3/ChatGPT_playground.ipynb)
### 3. [Examples of Langchain](https://github.com/whitekun91/LLM_Master_Class/blob/main/Part3/Langchain_playground.ipynb)
### 4. [Examples of DuckDuckgo](https://github.com/whitekun91/LLM_Master_Class/blob/main/Part3/DuckDuckGo_examples.ipynb)
### 5. [Examples of Function Calling](https://github.com/whitekun91/LLM_Master_Class/blob/main/Part3/Fuction_calling_examples.ipynb)

---

# Part 4

## Developing LLM Services examples

### 1. [Examples of Embedding](https://github.com/whitekun91/LLM_Master_Class/blob/main/Part4/Embedding_samples.ipynb)
### 2. [Examples of VectorDB & Vector Indexing - LlamaIndex](https://github.com/whitekun91/LLM_Master_Class/blob/main/Part4/LlamaIndex_examples.ipynb)
### 3. [Examples of Post processing - Moderate](https://github.com/whitekun91/LLM_Master_Class/blob/main/Part4/Postprocessing_examples.ipynb)
### 4. [Examples of Groundedness - RAGAS](https://github.com/whitekun91/LLM_Master_Class/blob/main/Part4/Groundedness(RAGAS)_Examples.ipynb)
### 5.
